+++
date        = "2015-08-14T00:10:00-05:00"
title       = "The Risers Win Their Season Finale: Silence GRFC Supporters With 2-1 Victory"
description = "The Risers capped off a strong season with a 2-1 victory over GRFC at Reeth-Puffer Field."
tags        = [ "Game Review" ]
category    = "News"
slug        = "the-risers-win-their-season-finale-silence-grfc-supporters-with-2-1-victory"
header_img	= "assets/img/blog/meeting-fans.jpg"
author		= "Adam Walter"
author_title= "Marketing Intern"
author_url	= "https://twitter.com/RisersSC"
+++
The Risers capped off a strong season with a 2-1 victory over GRFC at Reeth-Puffer Field. The Risers finished the season with an undefeated record of 9-0-1 at home, and the victory today over GRFC to sweep the season series has to go down as one of the best wins the Risers have had all season. I understand that they did not win in convincing fashion, and I also understand that fans love to see a lot of scoring, but at the same time, sometimes a hard fought 2-1 win like what we witnessed today is just as sweet if not sweeter than a 5-1 shellacking; especially to the players on the pitch. Anyway, the Risers got off to a hot start in the first half with two goals in the first 12 minutes of the game; the first goal coming from Byrone Matthews at the 5-minute mark, and the second goal coming from Brogan Shrimpton at the 12-minute mark. The Risers looked like they were going to demolish GRFC and end the season on the highest of high notes, but unfortunately for the Risers there was still at least another 78 minutes left to be played. The Risers did receive some resistance from GRFC the rest of the half, but ultimately the Risers were able to control possession in a half that did not contain a lot of fireworks outside of the early Risers goals. The Risers took a 2-0 lead into the intermission, and the two early goals for the Risers would be just enough as GRFC could only manage one goal in the second half, which came off a penalty kick from Scott at the 47-minute mark. The second half was primarily played in the neutral part of the field, although the Risers defense was tested near the end of the game as GRFC was forced to press more players forward. Furthermore, GRFC nearly tied the contest in the 93rd and final minute of the game on a wicked shot from just outside the box, and without a stellar save from Reece Richardson the game would have ended in a draw. The Risers certainly had to earn their win today, and aside from some mental and physical lapses during the game the Risers gave another overall solid effort.

Next, let us now look at the three men of the match. My number one match of the match goes to Byrone Matthews. Matthews has not been mentioned in this list all season, and part of that is due to the fact that he did not get much playing time. Matthews was certainly able to make the most of his time on the pitch today, and it was a bonus to see him score in the 5th minute of the contest. For the time that Matthews was in the game he did contribute to the Risers offense as a whole, and of course provided some momentum to the offense that got off to the hot start. My second man of the match is Reece Richardson. While Richardson was not tested all that much throughout the game he did come through with a clutch save in the 93rd minute of the game. Richardson had made a couple of nice saves earlier in the game, but this save that he made was simply spectacular. The shot came from a GRFC player just outside the box, and it was a quite a rocket, although in the end it proved to be no match for Richardson as he made the save look easier than it probably was. Richardson had been stellar in net all season, and just as he was the player of the game last week he also could have earned that honor again this week. My third man of the match goes to Brogan Shrimpton. Shrimpton’s goal came in the 12th minute of the contest, and it ultimately decided the game.

Finally, all good things must eventually come to an end, and today that was the case for the Risers inaugural season. The Risers wowed us this year with a lot of stellar play, and going forward the fan base and support is almost certainly going to increase and become stronger. The fans and followers of the team were tremendous this season, and the atmosphere at the GRFC game today was just off the charts.