+++
date        = "2014-08-01T20:03:00-05:00"
title       = "Risers Announce Jersey Provider, 3-Year Contract"
description = "A team’s uniform provider has massive implications on brand identity. Today, the Risers are proud to announce Stealth Soccer as our exclusive kit supplier."
tags        = [ "Sponsors" ]
category    = "News"
slug        = "risers-announce-jersey-provider-3-year-contract"
header_img	= "assets/img/blog/stealth.jpg"
author		= "Riser Review"
author_title= "Blogger"
author_url	= "https://twitter.com/RisersSC"
+++
A team’s uniform provider has massive implications on brand identity. Today, the Risers are proud to announce Stealth Soccer as our exclusive kit supplier. This agreement, which extends through 2017, represents the club’s dedication to partnering with brands who share our core values both on and off the field.

Launched in 2012, Stealth is the brainchild of two longtime friends, Grant Hayes and Ken Navitsky, who possess a combined 25 years of experience in the soccer industry. A defining characteristic of Stealth is their relentless commitment to USA-based production. Headquartered in St. Louis with manufacturing facilities in Wisconsin, the Risers can move forward with confidence knowing that every cent generated by our kits will directly support the US economy.

stealth_logo1In addition to their position on domestic production, Stealth strongly believes in community outreach and will be a key sponsor of Project Rising, a program designed to positively impact urban youth of Muskegon and Muskegon Heights through soccer. “We are very excited about this partnership,” Navitsky said in a statement earlier this week. “When we first met with the Muskegon Risers a few months back, we immediately saw the passion for their city and for the sport. Stealth believes that you can’t have the one, without the other. We want to be part of this mission-oriented organization that focuses on winning on and off the pitch. We believe in Project Rising and the City of Muskegon. Thank you for letting us be a part of it. Rise and Grind!”

Like the Risers, Stealth has something to prove. Their founders made a conscious decision to operate differently than many mainstream soccer brands while building a company on drive, determination, commitment, and faith. We look forward to growing together for years to come.
