+++
date        = "2015-05-10T13:24:00-05:00"
title       = "Riser’s Inaugural Home Opener: What’s Trending"
description = "Risers Inaugural Home Opener: What’s Trending"
tags        = [ "What's Trending" ]
category    = "News"
slug        = "risers-inaugural-home-opener-whats-trending"
header_img	= "assets/img/blog/field.jpg"
author		= "Adam Walter"
author_title= "Marketing Intern"
author_url	= "https://twitter.com/RisersSC"
+++
The Muskegon Risers certainly found their stride this past Saturday, and by trouncing the Dayton Dutch Lions 3-1 the boys left the crowd at Reeths-Puffer high school salivating in anticipation of the next home match against FC Adrenaline that happens to be ideally scheduled for next Saturday at the same time and place. While it is often human nature to look ahead and to become excited for the next big thing I would still like to digress and look back at highlights the squad provided us with this past Saturday.

I would like to begin by giving credit where credit is due, and to do that I’ll nominate three players from the Risers that I believe to be trending in the right direction as we move into the third game of the season. The number one player on my hot list is Brogan Shrimpton. By the numbers; Brogan’s native land of South Africa is approximately 8,400 miles from Muskegon, his jersey number is 21, and finally 2, which is the number of goals that he netted in Saturday’s victory. Brogan provided a major spark on offense, and his second goal of the game sealed the deal for the Risers as it put the game out of reach with only mere minutes remaining. Next, Riser Jeff McClure is the second player to make the coveted list. It goes without saying that Jeff has an abundance of talent up front, and like Brogan he provided that spark on offense that the Risers needed to pull out the W. Jeff is a native of Indianapolis, IN, his jersey number is 21, and most importantly his goal in the second half with about 20 minutes to go was the ultimate difference in the Riser’s 3-1 victory. Furthermore, it could be said that Jeff’s goal marked the beginning of the Riser’s dominance in possession, aggression, and intensity that the team showed in the final stages of the game. Last and not least, my third star of the game goes to Reece Richardson. Reece is a native of Halifax, England, his jersey number is 1, and as the team’s last line of defense he had an impressive showing in which he only gave up one goal. For the most part, Reece didn’t have to face a multitude of shots, but ultimately when he was tested he responded, and in the end gave the Risers a chance to snag a victory, which of course the team ultimately did in front of a packed house.

So next, why should we be excited for the upcoming game this Saturday? From the way I see things I would say that the followers and fans of this team should be excited for this upcoming match against FC Adrenaline as the Risers showed us a lot of promise in the home opener against Dayton. I fully expect FC Adrenaline to provide a much stiffer test this weekend for the Risers, although from looking at their team’s page it is hard to ascertain what they may bring to the table. With a presumed stiffer test in FC Adrenaline the Risers defense should likely get tested more often than it did against Dayton. If you are a fan of high quality soccer, and are as intrigued as I am to see if the Risers can dominate again as they did against Dayton, then this game on Saturday is for you. It would certainly appear that as the temperature is starting to heat up and that tickets are selling like hot cakes that there could be an even bigger turnout for this Saturday’s game, which would only add to the vibrant scene and fanatical environment that was present in the first match.