+++
date        = "2015-06-30T00:39:00-05:00"
title       = "The Risers Continue Home Dominance: Trounce MSFC 4-0"
description = "No team is perfect, and it is hard to win every game."
tags        = [ "Game Review" ]
category    = "News"
slug        = "the-risers-continue-home-dominance-trounce-msfc-4-0"
header_img	= "assets/img/blog/crowd.jpg"
author		= "Adam Walter"
author_title= "Marketing Intern"
author_url	= "https://twitter.com/RisersSC"
+++
The Risers once again proved that they are a force to be reckoned with at Reeths-Puffer Field. The offense came out of the gates in full attack mode, and it only took three minutes for the Risers to get on the board. Matt Schmitt got his first goal of the season on a strike from just outside the box, and his goal turned out to be the only goal in the first half. The Risers dominated possession and attack in the first half, and easily could have put up three or four goals before the end of the half. The second half mirrored the first half as the game was predominantly played in MSFC’s half of the field, although the Risers converted more of their chances. The Risers tallied three goals in the second half with two coming from McClure at the 65th minute and 67th minute mark respectively, while Shrimpton found the back of the net at the 56th minute mark. In today’s contest the Risers proved to be the more talented team, and in the end they were able to ride another strong offensive performance to victory.

Next, let us look at the three men of the match from today’s contest. My first man of the match is Jeff McClure. McClure tallied another two goals in today’s match, and without a doubt has been a stalwart for the Risers on offense this season. McClure has been on my men of the match list in almost every home game this season, and if he can continue to play at the level he played today, then I continue to see him making the list. My second man of the match is Brogan Shrimpton. Shrimpton has been another catalyst for the Risers on offense, and today he tallied one goal and two assists. Shrimpton has been a prolific goal scorer for the team all season, and it is to no surprise that he leads the team in goals scored. Being able to put the ball in the back of the net is spectacular, but being able to set other teammates up to score is almost just as spectacular, and on McClure’s two goals Shrimpton showed us his creativity as a passer. Finally, my third man of the match goes to Matt Schmitt. As many of you know Matt is the founder and owner of the team, and in just his second match with the team he was able to tally his first goal as a Muskegon Riser. Matt rebounded from a lackluster performance in his debut with the team against AFC Ann Arbor last week, and with just three minutes gone in the game Matt gave his team an edge and momentum that would never be relinquished with his goal from just outside the box.

Lastly, let us now look ahead to the next home match on July 11th. It is a rare weekend when the Risers are not at home trying to defend their home field, but next weekend is one of those weekends. This gives us an extra week to savor this weekend’s victory, but by the same token more time to anticipate how the Risers will look against their next opponent. The Risers continue to lean on their offense to get the job done, and when the offense shows up the Risers can compete with anyone on their schedule. Soccer is definitely not known as a high scoring or fast paced sport, but at the moment it looks like the Risers are trying to redefine that by pressing up the field and trying to score as many goals as possible even when the game is out of reach for their opponent.