+++
date        = "2015-06-20T00:31:00-05:00"
title       = "Risers Remain Unbeaten in MKG: A Personal Recap by Adam Walter"
description = "No team is perfect, and it is hard to win every game."
tags        = [ "Recap" ]
category    = "News"
slug        = "the-risers-home-winning-streak-gets-snapped-tie-1-1-against-afc-ann-arbor"
header_img	= "assets/img/blog/huddle.jpg"
author		= "Adam Walter"
author_title= "Marketing Intern"
author_url	= "https://twitter.com/RisersSC"
+++
No team is perfect, and it is hard to win every game, but by the same token the Risers have been so dominant at home all season that I am hard pressed to write about anything other than another Risers victory at Reeths-Puffer Field. Without a doubt AFC Ann Arbor has been the best opponent the Risers have faced at home all season, although the boys from Muskegon easily could have added another win to the win column today. The Risers controlled the possession in both halves, had ample scoring chances, and even had two shots ricochet off the goal post. Soccer is predominantly known as a game of tactician, although today Risers fans may start calling it a game of inches as that is how close the Risers came from winning today’s contest.

Next, let us now look at the three men of the match from today’s hard fought draw. My number one man of the match today is Jamie Waters. Jamie’s goal in the 71st minute finally broke the ice, and for a while looked like it would be the ultimate difference in the match before AFC Ann Arbor scored in the 86th minute. Waters has been an intricate piece of the Risers offense all season, and while he may not have the same flash as McClure he stills brings a lot of intensity and desire to the Risers front line. My second man of the match is Reece Richardson. AFC Ann Arbor did not generate quite as many chances as the Risers did over the course of the game, but when they did generate offense through their speedy and skilled attack it was Reece that came to the rescue. AFC Ann Arbor had two prime scoring chances around the 20 minute mark which easily could have tilted the match in their favor had they found the back of the net, but sure enough Reece made two outstanding saves and kept AFC Ann Arbor from gaining any momentum in the first half. Reece did allow the tying goal at the 86-minute mark, but I am not going to diminish his effort today as AFC Ann Arbor was pressing the final 20 minutes of the game to avoid defeat. My third man of the match is Bandile Mathandela. Mathandela is a newcomer to the men of the match list, and he certainly earned it today. Mathandela played extremely hard all game, and on numerous occasions over the course of the game stymied AFC Ann Arbor’s attack via solid tackling and discipline. Over the course of the season Mathandela has been good, but not great for the Risers on defense, although today he certainly took his defensive effort up a notch.

Finally, let us look ahead to the Risers home match next Saturday against the Michigan Stars. The Michigan Stars play in the NPSL where they belong to the Midwest division. They are currently 2-1-4 on the season, and their division is relatively tough as it contains a variety of good teams like Detroit City FC. If the Risers can get their offense back on track next week, then I definitely like their chances at starting a new home winning streak as the Michigan Stars have only scored 10 goals combined in seven games. The Risers were not quite able to seal the deal today, but at the same time the squad certainly did not have their best effort in today’s match. As the Risers go forward and gain experience they will learn how to close games, and ultimately I see toady’s match galvanizing this team and leading them to put forth a better effort in next week’s match against the Michigan Stars.