+++
date        = "2015-06-03T00:14:00-05:00"
title       = "The Risers Remain Undefeated at Home"
description = "After losing a tough one to the Des Moines Menace last week the Risers came out firing on all cylinders against Brujos FC."
tags        = [ "Game Review" ]
category    = "News"
slug        = "the-risers-remain-undefeated-at-home"
header_img	= "assets/img/blog/field-alt.jpg"
author		= "Adam Walter"
author_title= "Marketing Intern"
author_url	= "https://twitter.com/RisersSC"
+++
After losing a tough one to the Des Moines Menace last week the Risers came out firing on all cylinders against Brujos FC. The Risers certainly put on a show for the Muskegon faithful, and in the end cruised to a 5-1 victory. The Risers have been dominant thus far at home, especially on offense, and this match proved no different as the Risers got their offensive mojo going just three minutes into the contest. Jeff McClure got the game’s first goal, and with only three minutes gone the Risers looked like a team poised to avenge last week’s loss. The Risers went on to score two more goals in the first half, with Diego Bobadilla’s goal at the 22-minute mark, and Brogan Shrimpton’s goal at the 27-minute mark. The Risers dominated the attack and possession in the first half, and easily could have tallied five or six goals on the board before the break. The second half played out pretty similar to the first half, although Brujos FC finally generated some offense and were ultimately rewarded with a goal at the 50-minute mark from Alan Gasga. The Risers scored two more goals in the second half, one off a Brujos FC own goal at the 46-minute mark, and the final goal coming off Jeff McClure’s second of the game after a beautiful pass from Brogan Shrimpton. The Risers outshot Brujos FC 8-3 in the second half, and it could be argued that this match was the most complete game the Risers have played all season.

Next, let us now look at the three men of the match. Jeff McClure is my number one man of the match as he led all scorers with two goals on the day. Jeff continues to be one of the predominant focal points of the Risers offense, and his goals in the 3rd minute and 57th minute highlighted the squad’s outburst on offense. My second man of the match is Brogan Shrimpton. Like Jeff, Brogan has been a catalyst for the Risers on offense, and he certainly kept his sensational season going today with yet another goal followed by two assists. Brogan’s goal came at the 27-minute mark, and with that goal he also chipped in two assists on Jeff McClure’s two goals. Brogan and Jeff are, have been, and most likely will continue to be a dynamic one-two punch for the Risers up top. My third man of the match goes to Diego Bobadilla. Diego tallied the Riser’s second goal of the game at the 22-minute mark, and like McClure and Shrimpton he brings a lot to the Riser’s on offense. The Riser’s offense had it going today, and these three men proved to be the difference in the Riser’s 5-1 thrashing of Brujos FC.

Finally, now let us get us excited for another home match next Saturday against AFC Ann Arbor. The Risers have actually already played AFC Ann Arbor once this season, ultimately having to take a tough 2-1 loss on a controversial penalty kick at the end of the game. There are many reasons to be intrigued about this upcoming match, although the main reason that jumps out to me is how the previous contest between these two ended in a big scuffle at the end of the game which led to multiple red cards having to be handed out to both sides. The Risers should definitely have a little bit of a chip on their shoulder going into the contest as they know what happened in Ann Arbor, and certainly would not want to drop another game to them. Ann Arbor FC is a solid team, and in order to win next week the Risers will have to continue to bring their A-game on offense.