+++
date        = "2015-07-14T00:14:00-05:00"
title       = "The Risers Edge Waza Flo Pro 2-1: Remain Unbeaten at Home"
description = "And we are back! After a weeklong hiatus the Risers were back in action Saturday evening against Detroit Waza Flo Pro."
tags        = [ "Game Review" ]
category    = "News"
slug        = "the-risers-edge-waza-flo-pro-2-1-remain-unbeaten-at-home"
header_img	= "assets/img/blog/waza-flo-pro.jpg"
author		= "Adam Walter"
author_title= "Marketing Intern"
author_url	= "https://twitter.com/RisersSC"
+++
And we are back! After a weeklong hiatus the Risers were back in action Saturday evening against Detroit Waza Flo Pro. The Risers came out sharp, and looked poised to dominate yet again on their home turf; however, Waza Flo Pro seemed determined to end the Risers winning ways as they got on the board just four minutes into the game. The Risers scored four minutes later to square things at 1-1, and from that goal onward the Risers took control the rest of the game. This contest between the Risers and Waza Flo Pro is just another classic example of how the scoreboard does not tell the whole story of the game. When you see a 2-1 final you most likely think that the game was a dogfight, and that the teams were evenly matched, although in the case of the match today the 2-1 final was deceptive as the Risers had a plethora of scoring chances and could have if not should have won the game by a vastly wider margin. The Risers pushed the pace throughout the entire game, and after having missed a myriad of chances the Risers finally broke the draw in the 83rd minute on an astonishing finish by Bandile Mathandela. Mathandela’s goal was the ultimate difference in the Risers 2-1 victory, and his goal alone would make for a great article his Grandmother just recently passed away. At the end of the day a win is a win, and a deserved win it was, not only for Mathandela, but also for the entire Risers squad.

Next, let us now look at the three men of the match. My number one man of the match is Bandile Mathandela. Mathandela scored the game’s winning goal on a bicycle kick from just outside the goal with just seven minutes remaining in the contest. Mathandela flipped the switch on what looked like was going to be a game that the Risers were going to have to take a draw. Mathandela played a prominent role in the Risers attack all game, and to be able to contribute the way that he did in the face of adversity after losing a loved one was pretty darn special to witness. My second man of the match is Jeff McClure. McClure assisted on Brogan Shrimpton’s goal in the 8th minute, which knotted the game at 1-1. Definitely not surprising here that McClure played another prominent role in the Risers scoring. McClure faced decent pressure just about every time he touched the ball, and yet he was still able to break down the defense multiple times to create scoring chances for himself as well as for teammates. McClure and Shrimpton make a great tandem, and I see them connecting on quite a few more goal scoring plays before the season is over. My third man of the match is Brogan Shrimpton. I know that I put McClure ahead of Shrimpton this week, but I only did that since I believe that Jeff had a slightly bigger impact on offense than Brogan. With all that said though, Shrimpton had another solid performance on offense today, and it could be argued that his goal in the 8th minute is what changed momentum and turned the tide in the Risers favor. Shrimpton has been scoring goals at a stellar rate all season, and he came through again today with yet another goal.

Finally, let us now look ahead to the Risers next home match against Oakland United next Saturday. Oakland United is based in Rochester Hills, MI and is known as a minor league soccer team. The Risers have been great at controlling the pace of games and getting into their offense, and if the offense can continue to thrive next week, then they should be able to chalk up another W against Oakland United.