+++
date        = "2015-07-21T00:14:00-05:00"
title       = "The Risers Making It Look Easy: Down Oakland United 3-1"
description = "In a game that had over an hour rain delay, three total red cards, and ended in the 88th minute the Risers still managed to breeze to a 3-1 victory."
tags        = [ "Game Review" ]
category    = "News"
slug        = "the-risers-making-it-look-easy-down-oakland-united-3-1"
header_img	= "assets/img/blog/rise-and-grind.jpg"
author		= "Adam Walter"
author_title= "Marketing Intern"
author_url	= "https://twitter.com/RisersSC"
+++
In a game that had over an hour rain delay, three total red cards, and ended in the 88th minute the Risers still managed to breeze to a 3-1 victory. Nobody ever said that winning was easy; however, the Risers seem to be defying that notion as they continue to pile up the wins at Reeths-Puffer Field. The Risers offense continues to lead the way, and it was another early goal that got the Risers off and running, specifically Robbie Gunderson’s first goal, which came just nine minutes into the contest. The Risers method of operation seems to be to go for the early kill and to seize momentum for the rest of the game, and to no surprise the boys were able to do that again today. The Risers dominated possession and attack in both halves, and despite McClure and Shrimpton not having their usual impact on the game the Risers depth and speed up front were what ultimately brought home the win. One of those players up front that carried the Risers today was Robbie Gunderson. Gunderson is a recent addition to the squad, and today he was able to put his mark on the match as he tallied goals at the nine-minute mark and 35-minute mark of the match. The Risers picked up in the second half right where they had left off at half as Ben Honeycutt scored the third goal for the Risers just five minutes into the half off a Jai Maw corner. The soggy condition of the field was no match for the Risers speed and agility, and despite a near benches clearing brawl at the end of the game the Risers still put out another great performance.

Next, let us now look at the three men of the match. My first man of the match goes to the aforementioned Robbie Gunderson. Gunderson had two goals for the squad today, and his goal at the nine-minute mark is what got the Risers offense clicking. On a day where McClure and Shrimpton were stymied it was paramount that Gunderson step up and take the reins of the offense, which he had no problem in executing to perfection. In addition to his two goals today Gunderson brought the most energy of anyone on the field, and it was a true treat watching him and his desire to win. My second man of the match is Ben Honeycutt. Honeycutt got into the stat sheet in the 50th minute of the match after he buried the ball in the back of the net off of a cross from Maw. Honeycutt is hardly known for his offense, but it was great to see him contribute today and to get a goal for the team. My third man of the match is Jai Maw. Maw assisted on Honeycutt’s goal in the 50th minute, and as usual played a prominent role in the Risers defense. Maw is not anything falshy, but he is consistent and does a fine job in contributing to the success of his team each and every game out.

Finally, let us look ahead to the Risers home match next Saturday against Milwaukee Brewers FC. The Risers were without one of their vocal leaders today in Jamie Waters, and I am interested to see if he will be back next Saturday. The Risers have enough depth to overcome Waters’ absence, but at the same time I think that Waters is a significant piece to the Risers puzzle. The Milwaukee Brewers FC is an adult soccer club that provides opportunities for adult players of all levels. It is never a good idea to assume anything, but if the Risers can continue to play their game, then I would expect them to be able to pull out another victory next Saturday.