+++
date        = "2015-07-25T23:52:00-05:00"
title       = "The Risers Claim the Inaugural Lake Michigan Cup"
description = "The Brewers pushed the Risers to the very end, but in the end the Risers were able to pull out a 3-1 victory."
tags        = [ "Game Review" ]
category    = "News"
slug        = "the-risers-claim-the-inaugural-lake-michigan-cup"
header_img	= "assets/img/blog/inaugural-lake-michigan-cup-camps.jpg"
author		= "Adam Walter"
author_title= "Marketing Intern"
author_url	= "https://twitter.com/RisersSC"
+++
The Brewers pushed the Risers to the very end, but in the end the Risers were able to pull out a 3-1 victory. With the victory today the Risers remain undefeated at home, and to top it all off they claim their second trophy of the season in the form of the Lake Michigan Cup. Today’s contest marked the Inaugural battle for the Lake Michigan Cup, and going forward these two sister cities will continue to play for the Lake Michigan Cup once a year. The Risers proved today that it is not about how you start; rather it is about how you finish. The Risers came out lackadaisical to say the least, and despite Hilt’s goal in the 9th minute of the contest it just looked as though the team was not going to be clicking on all cylinders today. The Brewers scored their lone goal of the match just 13 minutes later off of a PK by Striker, and at that point it looked as though Milwaukee had all the momentum. The first half ended at 1-1, and while the Risers did not look sharp it could still be argued that they outplayed Milwaukee as they created the majority of the scoring chances. The Risers immediately took their level of play in the second half up a notch as Shrimpton scored just five minutes into the half. Shrimpton’s goal ultimately decided the match, and it was the kick in the pants that the Risers needed to realize that they were not playing any ordinary team in Milwaukee. The Brewers had a slew of chances to net an equalizer, but goalie Reece Richardson had other ideas as he answered the bell by making two spectacular saves in the 55th and 59th minute, respectively. The Risers eventually got a third goal, this time coming from McClure in extra time, and buoyed by Reece’s stellar job in the net the boys from the lakeshore finished the job in somewhat convincing fashion. The Brewers gave the Risers a test today that they had not seen since the draw with AFC Ann Arbor, and to Risers credit they rose to the occasion and proved in the end to be the better of the two teams.

Next, let us now look at the three men of the match. My number one match of the match has to be Reece Richardson. I know that the Brewers only had five shots on net, but at the same time they could have easily ended up with another goal or two if it were not for a couple of spectacular saves from Reece in the second half. I have been impressed with Reece all season, and he has proven up to this point to be a reliable last line of defense. Reece has the talent to be the MVP of the team in just about any match, and today he certainly earned that title. My number two man of the match is Brogan Shrimpton. Brogan continues to put up gaudy numbers for the Risers on offense, and he certainly did not disappoint today as he tallied yet another goal. Brogan’s goal came in the 50th minute, and it ultimately decided the game. Brogan nearly had a goal earlier in the game at the 25th minute, but was denied by the post. Brogan proved yet again to be a huge spark for the Risers up front today, and through his relentless effort and energy today the Risers found their way to another win. My third man of the match today is Eric Hilt. I could mention Jeff McClure as he also tallied a goal today, but I would rather give some recognition to Eric this time, as he has not been on this list yet. Eric’s goal came in the 9th minute, and it was a solid strike from just outside the box. Eric contributed nicely to the Risers offense today, and for his effort he is certainly deserving of being on this list.

Finally, let us now look ahead to the Risers final home next Saturday against Grand Rapids. Grand Rapids is a part of the Great Lakes Premier League and they sport a solid record of 7-3-3. The Risers proved to us today that they can still win when they are not quite playing at their best, but at the same time I think that the Risers will have to come out of the gates with more intensity and desire next week if they want to hold serve at home. The Risers will be playing at Grand Rapids on Friday at 7:30, so if you want to catch a doubleheader of Risers action, then by all means make the short trip over to Grand Rapids.